# Complaint Policy

Tidepool is committed to creating a safe work environment that is free of threats to the health, safety, and well-being of the people who work here. That includes (but isn’t limited to) harassment, discrimination, violation of health and safety rules, and violence.

Tidepool has a virtual open-door policy, so employees are encouraged to report work-related concerns. If something about your job is bothering you, or if you have a question, concern, idea, or problem related to your work, please discuss it with the CEO as soon as possible. If for any reason you don’t feel comfortable discussing it with the CEO, feel free to raise the issue with a VP or anyone on the Board of Directors. See [tidepool.org/team](tidepool.org/team) for the full list and the [Tidepool Resources Trello board](https://trello.com/b/0tbitS80/emp-tidepool-resources) for email addresses.

Any employee who witnesses or is subject to inappropriate conduct in the workplace can report it to the CEO or a VP or any of the Board of Directors. We encourage employees to come forward with any workplace complaint, even if it’s not about something that’s explicitly covered in our written policies.

Once a complaint about inappropriate conduct has been made, the executive team (CEOs and VPs) will meet and determine how to handle it. If the complaint regards an executive, the Board will meet. Any reports of an executive engaging in harassment or gross misconduct will trigger an outside investigation. For all other complaints, with the employee’s permission, the executive team will conduct a complete and impartial investigation, which may involve an outside investigator in serious cases. All complaints will be handled as confidentially as possible. When the investigation is complete, the company will take corrective action if appropriate. 

We will not engage in or allow retaliation against any employee who makes a good faith complaint or participates in an investigation. If you believe that you are being subjected to any kind of negative treatment because you made or were questioned about a complaint, report the conduct immediately to an executive or the Board of Directors.

Currently, Tidepool is too small to have an internal group or department that can independently respond to complaints, so if the CEO or a VP are named in complaint, they will hold each other accountable and escalate to the Board of Directors. When appropriate, execs will engage a third party to conduct a thorough investigation and recommend corrective action. Anyone who feels the CEO or a VP are not sufficiently responding to a complaint should escalate to the Board of Directors.
